Don't hide buffer strategy and feedback detection settings with JACK (#1053)
jacktrip/jacktrip: linux/README.md

update-desktop-database $HOME/.local/share/applications
```

> When using jacktrip without the Jack Audio Toolkit (or Pipewire), ensure that your user account has permission to schedule realtime processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using jacktrip with the JACK Audio Connection Kit (or Pipewire), ensure that your user account has permission to schedule realtime processes.
```
